docs: updates heap size information (#6688)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/con-common-configuration-properties.adoc

You can specify the following options in your configuration:

`-Xms`:: Minimum initial allocation heap size when the JVM starts
`-Xmx`:: Maximum heap size
`-XX`:: Advanced runtime options for the JVM
`javaSystemProperties`:: Additional system properties
`gcLoggingEnabled`:: xref:con-common-configuration-garbage-collection-{context}[Enables garbage collector logging]

NOTE: The units accepted by JVM settings, such as `-Xmx` and `-Xms`, are the same units accepted by the JDK `java` binary in the corresponding image.
Therefore, `1g` or `1G` means 1,073,741,824 bytes, and `Gi` is not a valid unit suffix.
This is different from the units used for xref:con-common-configuration-resources-reference[memory requests and limits], which follow the Kubernetes convention where `1G` means 1,000,000,000 bytes, and `1Gi` means 1,073,741,824 bytes.

.`-Xms` and `-Xmx` options

Specify heap configuration for your components using the `-Xms` option to set an initial heap size and the `-Xmx` option to set a maximum heap size.

> If you don't specify heap configuration, the Cluster Operator imposes default heap sizes automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify heap configuration, but configure memory request or limit, the Cluster Operator imposes default heap sizes automatically.
```

> The Cluster Operator sets a minimum heap value based on a percentage allocation of available memory in the node.
> It also sets a maximum heap size for the Strimzi components where appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cluster Operator sets a maximum and minimum heap values based on a percentage allocation of available memory in the node.
```

The following table shows the default heap value.

.Default heap settings for components
[cols="4,2,2",options="header"]
|===

|Component

> |Available memory (%)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Percent of available memory allocated to the heap
```

|Maximum limit

|Kafka

> |50

Reviewer: Can we add the % also here? i.e. `50%` etc.?

|5 GB

|ZooKeeper
|75
|2 GB

|Kafka Connect
|75
|None

|MirrorMaker 2.0
|75
|None

|MirrorMaker
|75
|None

|Cruise Control
|75
|None

|Kafka Bridge
|50
|31 Gi

|===

Heap configuration values should make the best use of a container's xref:con-common-configuration-resources-reference[memory request] without exceeding it.

> * If a memory request limit is specified, a JVM's minimum and maximum memory is set to a value corresponding to the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a memory request or limit is specified, a JVM's minimum and maximum memory is set to a value corresponding to the limit.
```

> * If a memory request limit is not specified, a JVM's minimum memory is set to `128M`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a memory request or limit is not specified, a JVM's minimum memory is set to `128M`.
```
